Copyright (C) 2015, 2016 onpon4 <onpon4@riseup.net>

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

========================================================================

In almost all modern GNU/Linux systems, and indeed almost all modern
POSIX systems, some version of Python is included in the default
installation, so installing Python should not be necessary.  However, it
is far less common for Pygame to be installed by default.  There are two
methods you can use to install Pygame, detailed below.


METHOD 1: PACKAGES

For most GNU/Linux distributions, the proper way to install Python and
Pygame is through the package manager.  This is what you should be
doing.  In Debian and its derivatives (including Ubuntu), the packages
needed are "python" and "python-pygame".  In Fedora and its derivatives,
the packages needed are "python" and "pygame".  In Arch and its
derivatives, the packages needed are "python2" and "python2-pygame".


METHOD 2: COMPILING PYGAME

If you do not have any of the distros listed above and can't figure out
what packages to install, or if you're just a rebel, you can compile
Pygame yourself.  The source code to a version of Pygame which should
work is included here.  You will need the "dev" or "devel" packages for
SDL 1.2 and SDL_image 1.2, and for SDL_mixer 1.2 if you want sound.
Once the required dependencies of Pygame are installed, open the
directory containing the Pygame source code in a terminal and run
"python2 setup.py install" to compile and install for Python 2, or
"python3 setup.py install" to compile and install for Python 3.  In most
cases, the command should be run as root.
